Today, we're going to talk about how
native speakers connect words in English.
This is called connected speech.
Often, sounds are reduced or changed when
words are spoken together.
We'll also learn about contractions.
Let's get started.
Sometimes sounds are dropped when we
speak quickly.
Aquí inicia el ejercicio.
Recuerda que solo tienes que escucharlo
en esta primera parte.
No tienes que repetir.
I'm gonna go to the doctors tomorrow.
He shoulda gone to the store.
I woulda gone if I had known.
You coulda told me earlier.
You coulda, you coulda, you coulda, you
coulda told me earlier.
She musta missed the train.
She musta, she musta, she musta, she
musta missed the train.
We mighta been late.
We mighta, we mighta, we mighta, we
mighta been late.
We mighta, we mighta, we mighta, we mighta.
Give me a call when you arrive.
Give me, give me, give me a call when you
arrive. Give me, give me, give me, give
me a call when you arrive.
Let me know if you need anything.
Wanna go to the movies?
Wanna, wanna, wanna?
I gotta finish this today.
Gotta, gotta, gotta.
It's kind of funny how that happened.
Kinda, kinda, kinda.
It's kinda funny how that happened.
out of milk.
I need a cup of tea.
That's a lot of work.
Watcha, Watcha, Watcha, Watcha doing this weekend.
Assimilation.
When two sounds are next to each other,
one may change to sound more like the other.
Examples.
Sí, tienes que darle a la pereza.
Aquí inicia el ejercicio.
Lá, ál, ál, ál, ál.
Exhale, lá, ál, ál.
Did y 'all see that movie?
This shop has great deals.
That boy is very tall.
In Paris right now.
In Paris, I'm Paris, I'm Paris right now.
In Paris, in Paris, I'm Paris.
Last year was amazing.
Last year, last year, last year, last
year was amazing.
Last year, last year, last year.
Good girl did well.
Green bag is on the table.
Green bag, green bag, green bag, green
bag is on the table.
Green bag, green bag, green bag.
Tongue cards are missing.
Tongue cards.
Linking.
Sounds from one word can connect with the
next word.
Examples.
Decide rápido subir a tu inglés si sigues estudiando.
Aquí inicia el ejercicio.
Let's go on a trip this weekend.
Go on a trip.
Let's go on a trip next month.
Go on, go on, go on.
Do it yourself.
How are you doing?
How are, how are, how are, how are you doing?
How are, how are, how are?
See it now.
Get up and get moving.
Get up, get up, get up, get up and get moving.
Get up, get up, get up.
Turn off the lights.
Turn off, turn off, turn off.
Put it over there.
Put it, put it, put it, put it over there.
Put it, put it, put it, put it.
Bring it to the meeting.
Bring it, bring it, bring it, bring it to
the meeting.
Bring it, bring it, bring it.
Call up your friend.
Call up, call up, call up, call up your friend.
Call up, call up, call up.
Find out what happened.
Find out, find out, find out, find out
what happened.
Find out, find out, find out.
Get out of the car.
Get out!
Get out of the car!
Hold on for a second.
Hold on!
Turn it off, please.
Turn it, turn it, turn it, turn it off, please.
Turn it, turn it, turn it off, please.
Turn it, turn it, turn it.
Reduction.
Some sounds become weaker or change to
the schwa vowel, which sounds like, uh, examples.
Así te va a atrapar el inglés si sigues
aprendiendo vocabulario.
Aquí inicia el ejercicio.
Recuerda que solo tienes que escucharlo
en esta primera parte.
No tienes que repetir.
Q help me with this problem?
Q help me?
Q come here?
Q. Q.
Q.
Q come here?
Q. Q.
Q.
Q
come here?
Q. Q.
Q.
They need help?
Dya.
they need help?
Dya, dya, dya.
What do you think about this?
What do you, what do you, what do you,
what do you think about this?
what do you, what do you, what do you,
what do you, store i'm i'm i'm i'm going
to the store i'm i'm i'm i'm going to the
store i'm i'm i'm he's always late he's
he's he's he's he's always late he's he's
he's he's always late he's he's he's
she's coming over later she's she's she's
she's coming over later.
She's, she's, she's.
They're not here yet.
We're going on vacation.
We're the best.
You're, you're, you're, you're the best
You're, you're, you're It's going to rain
It's, it's, it's, it's going to rain
It's, it's, it's There's a problem with
the car There's, there's, there's,
there's a problem with the car There's,
there's, there's, there's a problem with
the car There's, there's, there's Where's
the nearest station?
Where's, where's, where's, where's the
nearest station?
Where's?
Where's the nearest station?
Who's coming to the party?
Who's?
Contractions.
Contractions occur when we combine two
words to make a shorter form.
Examples.
Si haces lo que te decimos, vas a andar
como este carro de la Fórmula 1.
Aquí inicia el ejercicio.
I'm going to the store now.
I'm going, I'm going, I'm going, I'm
going to the store now.
I'm going, I'm going, I'm going.
I'm going to the store.
I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm going to the store.
I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm.
You're invited to the party.
You're, you're, you're, you're invited to
the party.
You're, you're, you're.
He's already finished.
He's, he's, he's, he's already finished.
He's, he's, he's.
She's leaving soon.
She's, she's, she's, she's leaving soon.
She's, she's, she's.
It's a beautiful day.
It's, it's, it's, it's a beautiful day
It's, it's, it's We're having a great time
We're, we're, we're, we're having a great
time We're, we're, we're, we're having a
great time
We're, we're, we're They're going to be
late They're, they're, they're
They're going to be late They're,
they're, they're They're going to be late
They're, they're, they're I'll see you
later I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll see you
later I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll see you later.
I'll, I'll, I'll.
You'll do great.
You'll, you'll, you'll, you'll do great.
You'll, you'll, you'll.
He'll join us later.
He'll, he'll, he'll, he'll join us later.
He'll, he'll, he'll.
She'll be here soon.
She'll, she'll, she'll, she'll be here soon.
She'll, she'll, she'll.
It'll be fun.
It'll, it'll, it'll, it'll, it'll be fun.
It'll, it'll, it'll, it'll be fun.
It'll, it'll, it'll.
We'll meet at noon.
We'll, we'll, we'll, we'll meet at noon.
We'll, we'll, we'll.
They'll arrive tomorrow.
They'll, they'll, they'll, they'll arrive tomorrow.
They'll, they'll, they'll.
They'll arrive tomorrow.
I've finished my homework.
I've, I've, I've, I've finished my homework.
I've, I've, I've.
You've got to see this.
You've, you've, you've, you've got to see this.
You've, you've, you've.
He's finished his work.
He's, he's, he's, he's finished his work.
He's, he's, he's.
She's already left.
She's, she's, she's, she's already left.
She's, she's, she's.
It's worked well for years.
It's, it's, it's.
We've been waiting.
They've got the tickets.
I'd love to go!
I'd, I'd, I'd, I'd love to go!
I'd, I'd, I'd, I'd, I'd.
You'd better hurry.
You'd you'd you'd.
He'd like some coffee.
He'd he'd he'd he'd he'd like some coffee.
He'd he'd he'd.
She'd appreciate your help.
She'd she'd she'd she'd she'd appreciate
your help.
She'd she'd she'd.
It'd be nice to meet her.
We'd be happy to help.
They'd prefer a different time.
I'd finish by then.
I'd finished by then.
You'd already seen that show.
He'd been waiting for hours.
He'd gone home early.
She'd, she'd, she'd, she'd gone home early.
She'd, she'd, she'd.
It'd been a long day.
It id id id id id been a long day.
We'd seen that movie before.
They'd already left.